Now for the final lesson in our asynchronous JavaScript course.
Async/Await is going to be the syntactic icing on
top of this asynchronous K groove we've been constructing.
As we end the course with nothing less than
the synchronous code we started with in the first lesson. That's right.
Async/Await builds on promises to make for even better asynchronous event handling.
But its brilliance comes from making asynchronous code act more like synchronous code.
So we really are going full circle,
and that's why this lesson is going to rely not just on what we learned about promises,
but also on concepts from earlier in the course.
We'll start the lesson off with some more synchronous JavaScript syntax.
Being familiar with the Try/Catch blocks of vanilla
JavaScript will come in handy as we learned Async/Await.
We'll go over the basic syntax of Async/Await,
show its usage with promise chains,
how it changes our error handling strategies,
and wrap things up with a discussion of when you
should or should not use Async/Await in your programs.
All of that, along with lots of quiz questions and workspace practice,
I think you'll get the hang of this pretty quick.